♪The whole world is lit up♪
♪Because you exist♪
♪You're always♪
♪Somewhere close, flying with me♪
♪Go to where the wind blows♪
♪Hold tight♪
♪To the ray of light that belongs to us♪
=Wild & Fiery=
=Episode 5=
It's getting late.
Do you have some kind of secret?
Hold on.
What are you doing?
You're being so nice to me today.
Is it because
I've saved you so many times
that you want to marry me
to repay the favor?
♪If longing can be folded♪
♪It would return to yesterday
with the proper stamp♪
♪Where is the edge of the dream?♪
♪Always measuring the interval
between breath and silence♪
♪Like fishing
for raindrops in the desert♪
♪If time stopped spinning♪
♪Our passion would expire♪
♪If my heart refuses
to compromise with the night♪
♪I'll tear out my ribs
to strike the stars louder♪
(He Min)
♪Settling in my veins♪
Applying some medicine
means marrying to repay the favor?
Captain Shen,
you're being a bit too conceited.
Are you sure
my dad is in this nursing home?
Based on the logo
on the stationery you gave me, I'm sure.
There's no mistake.
I'll go distract them in a moment.
You take the chance
to get into the ward.
Who's there?
What are you doing?
Who let you in? Can you take responsibility
for disturbing the patient?
(Oh no, my dad has been moved.)
Honey,
didn't I tell you?
Dad is in the room next door, not here.
Sorry about that, gentlemen.
We've got the wrong place.
We're leaving now.
Shen Jibai,
why are you here?
Don't tell me
this is another coincidence.
Of course it's not a coincidence.
What?
A suspicious person?
I don't care what means you use,
move that old man
out of here immediately.
If you run into anyone in the way,
teach them a lesson.
I'm your personal bodyguard.
Isn't it normal
for me to be here with you?
Otherwise, in that situation just now,
Miss Mu, how would you have handled it?
Shen Jibai,
you don't think
I still believe you, do you?
So much has happened over the past month,
and you've been there every single time.
Don't you find it strange?
Yu.
How is it?
Did you find him?
I didn't find my dad.
It seems they
got word of this ahead of time.
There they are!
Stop!
Yu,
let's go.
Don't run!
Stop right there!
I've been
the Business Director for a while now.
When can I report
my work to the Chairman?
I've already told you.
Your dad doesn't want
to see anyone right now.
He just wants to rest well.
I want to know,
is this my dad's wish,
or yours?
Zhiyu,
I understand
your concern for your father,
but
you know your dad's personality.
Don't worry.
He will show up
at the exhibition in three days.
Also,
if I were you,
what I'd be more worried about
is the stolen exhibit.
If, in three days,
you can't produce
a heavy-hitting centerpiece,
the directors
will be dissatisfied with you,
and I won't be able to protect you.
Thank you
(Three days later)
for joining Mu Group's exhibition today.
Before the exhibition begins,
please watch a short video.
Welcome, everyone,
to the annual Mu Group exhibition.
(Dad...)
Due to health reasons,
I am unable to attend.
I deeply regret this.
Mu Group is currently
at a critical stage.
My only daughter, Mu Zhiyu,
is still young
and lacks both ability and experience.
But fortunately,
I have a wife as capable
and efficient as Mingzhu.
I am very confident
in leaving the company
in her hands.
For the foreseeable future,
I hope
she can continue
to preside over company affairs
and lead our Mu Group
toward
a better future.
I believe you all
have felt the Chairman's sincerity.
I hope you all enjoy yourselves today.
But
I have one more thing
to tell everyone.
Regrettably,
- we...
- What Ms. Xu means is,
there were indeed
some minor hiccups with this exhibition.
However,
it is only with surprises
that there can be breakthroughs.
Next,
allow me to introduce
the centerpiece of this exhibition.
(Could it be...)
The centerpiece of this exhibition,
the Han Dynasty White Jade Bowl.
Please, take a look.
(How is this possible?)
(I guessed right.)
(Mu Zhiyu really isn't simple.)
I heard somewhere
that Mu Group had been robbed.
This Han Dynasty White Jade Bowl
was supposedly
lost.
Is that for real?
This exhibit is...
This Western Han Plain Jade Bowl
has a dignified and elegant form,
and it's unadorned
yet exquisitely crafted.
Please look at its rim.
The body of the bowl
curves slightly outward.
And look at its inner wall.
The luster is delicate.
As the ancients said...
(This little brat...)
(I underestimated her.)
It's an honor
to have
this jade bowl
included in the Mu Group's exhibition.
That's right.
This jade bowl
was acquired by my husband,
Mu Chenzhou, years ago.
He is currently recuperating,
but seeing his collection
presented to everyone
through his daughter,
Zhiyu's hands,
is truly heartening.
I also hope that in the future,
Zhiyu will be able to achieve
even better results for Mu Group.
(I thought the theft
of the White Jade Bowl)
(could get Mu Zhiyu
kicked out of the company.)
(Who knew
she would actually find the bowl?)
(It seems I need to speed up the plan.)
I didn't expect you
to really find this White Jade Bowl.
However,
it wasn't my credit alone.
If you hadn't reminded me,
I probably wouldn't have thought of it.
Me?
- You must be careful.
- Okay.
Right.
- Check over here.
- Understood.
(Xu Mingzhu loves money more than life.)
(She would never
put a collection in a dangerous place.)
(The police had already
sealed off the collection room.)
(She wouldn't have had
a chance to take it out.)
(The White Jade Bowl
had to still be inside.)
If you put it that way,
then the credit is entirely mine.
You should thank me.
Oh, thank you so much.
I've never seen anyone
thicker-skinned than you.
You're welcome.
Don't worry.
Regarding the nursing home,
I will investigate thoroughly.
Even if Xu Mingzhu hides
my dad at the edge of the world,
I will definitely find him.
I really didn't know
about the nursing home.
The mission I was given
was only to protect your safety.
Is that so?
Whether you knew it or not,
since you've saved me a few times,
I'll give you a friendly warning.
Xu Mingzhu is no saint.
If you work for her,
be careful,
or you'll end up with nothing.
♪Light comes beaming in♪
♪Landing on my skin♪
♪Warms the space you left behind♪
♪Shadows move around♪
♪Awake, racing thoughts♪
♪Try to keep the memories safe♪
♪Don't slip away♪
♪I'm all yours, all yours♪